Okay, so let's get to exercise 4,
which is on guarded transitions.
This exercise is basically to
fix the logic that we have here.
I put the timer at the 5 seconds
to make it easier to test, but
right now when you click the timer,
it goes to 5, 4, 3, 2, 1.
And then it just sort of keeps going.
So what we want to do,
is we want to use guarded transitions to
basically make sure that doesn't happen.
So, the first goal whenever
a tic event happens,
we only want to increments the context,
that elapsed when incrementing it
won't exceed the context duration.
So, you're going to
have a guard that says,
does context duration plus
context dot interval,
this context that elapsed plus context
dot interval exceed the duration.
If so,
we wants to go to in expired states.
Otherwise, we wanna just keep doing
the same thing we were doing before.
And then like we just talked about,
you can also parameterize that cond and
optionally put it in the guards.
And so in the expired state,
we also want to reset events
to transition back to idle.